/**

  CvtIcons.exe Copyright @ 1991 Jay Giganti All Rights Reserved


              All Options are Mutually Exclusive

         x : Extracts Icons from Windows ICO file(s)
         w : Converts ICO files from PM to Windows
         p : Converts ICO files from Windows to PM
         ? : Displays this screen

        Usage CVTICONS -option File (Wild Cards Accepted)

        examples cvticons -x c:\windows\*.*
                 cvticons -p *.ico

        example 1 : will extract all icons from the files in c:\windows
                    directory and will create them in your current directory

        example 2 : will convert all ICO files in your current directory
                    into ICP files in the PM format in your current directory
        
This program currently does three things.
Extracts Icons:
  It will extract Icons from windows EXE and DLL files.  It scans through
  these files and will create a file with and extension of .ICO based upon
  2 things.  First it will look in the resource table for any Names, if it
  finds a name it will use up to 8 characters of it to create the file
  name.  If There were no names found in the resource table, or there were
  more icons than names, (ie -- several Icons in one directory entry) then
  the icon name will containg the first 5 characters if the program it is
  stripping it from, and then append a 3 digit number,m thus you can process
  a file with up 1000 icons in it.  
  side note:  I stripped a file form the MS-DOS program  under windows and
              found a 64x64 OS/2 1.1 icon format.

Converts Icons To PM Format:
  This will translate an ICO file into a PM format.  It creates the file
  with an .ICP extension.  Currently I will only copy one Icon from each ICO
  file, since this is how I write them.  If Needed I will add multiple
  icons per ICO file handling.  The format for the icon will be written
  in its current dimensions, ie: a 32x32 stays 32x32. Under OS/2 1.2 it
  seems that if they are not 64x64 then it is not in a device independent (DI)
  format, thus when loaded into the Icon Editor, you are told the It has
  created on for you, if you save the file, then this 64x64 DI format will
  be written to disk along with the origional 32x32 format.  I have the Icon
  Editor do all translation.  In the furture I might do the streching required
  to create a 64x64 bitmap and thus the resulting PM file will be smaller 
  and the icon editor won't complain.  The reason it would be smaller is 
  because there would only be one format stored in it.

Converts Icons To Windows 3.0 Format:
  This will translate a PM Icon file into a Windows format.  It will translate
  all Icons in the file, as long as they are <= 32x32.  I might add the
  functionality to squeeze 64x64 to 32x32 but the Icon edititor does a good
  job.  Thus if you have a 64x64 then select a VGA type and it will be 
  converted to a 32x32 format which I can read and save in a file.  The
  file will be named with the filename and the extensions .ICW. If there
  is more than one Icon which is <= 32x32 then the next filename will be
  created with the first 6 characters of the filename plus a 2 digit number
  and then .ICW appended to it.

  In the future I will port this to a Windows and PM app but this does the
  job for now.  It is a dos program.  Also I will probably add the ability
  to read and write multiple icons per ICO file, and the ability to extract
  icons from windows files and convert them directly to PM format.  Currently
  you have to extract and then convert.  I also will probably add the ability
  to extract Icons from OS/2 files.  Until then I hope this utility helps.

***/